[Music]
by the time that you're watching this
video guess what date it do you know
what tomorrow is tomorrow is Amazon
Prime day no idea what's fun prime day
Amazon Prime day yeah
like Christmas for Internet people not
only am I going to share some products
that you need in your life are going on
sale but it's a great excuse for me to
share some other like photo camera
Amazon gear that lives on Amazon I buy
everything else Amazon yeah yeah so what
better way to kick out this video and
going throughout our Amazon history do
we want to do that do I have to yeah
that's why you're here Craig give people
some perspective of what Amazon means
yeah so Amazon is my life blooded how I
make a full-time income and I didn't
know this like two years ago so I've
been doing this for two years and I make
all my money from Amazon Associates yeah
yeah yeah which is basically so full
disclosure this video is sponsored by
Amazon or anything but there will be an
assembly field trips and below if you
find interest in anything that we talked
about today but I will get a small
percentage of these things that you
purchase first up my orders it's going
to be a lot of miscellaneous electronics
I think I just moved into a new
apartment but I'm already it's kind of
nervous I mean what could be on it you
know so we have some apartment stuff we
got audience and I actually really
enjoyed this yes and microphone sir I
kind of show me girl applaud oh here's a
funny trick Cosby could be so this is
actually interesting because this Calvin
Klein shirt was these first thing that I
ever bought via which is YouTube
advertisement so why is the co she made
a video about Calvin Klein oh we've all
sign it yeah yeah she's like click on
this link he gets a lot and I was like
okay Liza I wish I went by the Calvin
Klein hey I would buy that shirt of us
and if I heard her tell him yeah yeah
yeah yeah I get the oh and there's my
printer ok little cotton take this
coffee maker it's a coffee maker just
freaking fan
right I got it I thought it was going to
be a normal coffee size top that look
big I got it it literally could just be
a comment it makes the experience that
some more printers it is 20 bucks out
there
what if exciti right oh this is really
insulting to you the coffee game okay
okay so we have some dude sports s get
some light bed sheets for his new
partner and yeah we got some makeup
stuff makeup stuff
rode videomicro the new one Internet ago
I'm using it right now it's big bigger
than the past videomicro but I guess
it's the job done chargers it's all
camera equipment whether go hard drives
have you bought a Western Digital Drive
before yeah but look at your colors
you're like I just get the black ones
you're like I want to go my way a shoe a
shoe thing oh my goodness
triggered did you set that up did you
build it I didn't it took me a minute
the grabber thing
oh my gosh oh my god you actually use it
I use it all the time do you know how
many things I need to reach for me
it's a variety of camera equipment soft
apartment stuff trash can tape oh oh
this is a good one onion artificial
plant greenery fake one fake plan oh
good
what I had to it's done done yes
this was after I got broken into my
apartment here we go
multifunctional pockets cool soon as I
got it I tried to use it and I bent the
screws up through it after three seconds
of using a waste of effort oh oh and
okay keep in mind that Craig is the
Amazon affiliate King but he's also a
minimum yeah
it has to be have to have a youth that's
important today exactly you bought your
coffee table on Amazon as well but it's
IKEA if there was a battle between like
IKEA and Amazon like my face audition
and over where Amazon okay oh you bought
your iPhone in there's how we roll
you underestimate it I'm looking right
this is the cheapest good city bike that
you can get in a toilet Soylent all
right I tried it
killing my friends okay you some kind of
gross so I do I need to get on this like
grocery thing
so I've done a couple grocery orders and
it's fine yeah I think it makes me
healthier because it's so so easy to buy
the things that I would have to love and
right you have extra four battalions
fresh veg to read yesterday monthly so I
think there's like a yearly fee which
isn't too bad and then being an Amazon
Prime user like a subscriber it just
they waived all the delivery fee right
so it's not that bad actually
ah new computer powers back does it work
out for you you'll see I had another one
this is the second I got it's better
than the one I had before but it's still
flimsy it's still I just use it for that
be in the microwave right I'll be going
captain memory Mon Mon upon ad no see I
swear that's something you would buy at
a varmint yeah literally out of the D
literally I could have walked a hundred
feet and gotten it but I wondered cables
yeah hard drive is all the new computer
yeah
coffee's better in a glass Mali's I had
to get here I am buying a coffee thing
for EM you're you're buying steel to
measure your coffee and okay close timmy
short here we go yes I'm not alone have
you ever watched a video on Amazon video
I literally have Amazon Prime just for
the free food issues good but as the
prime users you can watch the CD shirts
and meetings right yeah yeah there's a
lot and I think it's actually the
easiest way to buy like a TV series and
then download it on your phone and just
watch whatever else nothing really
embarrassing came up you guys you guys
saw those are on the real are Amazon
orders this is my first prime day
because I've only been a friend user for
a little bit over it here is there
anything you'd recommend yeah on the
scroll through it's totally random thing
so you know start at the beginning and
then just keep scrolling because you'll
find movie at you will find something
that lasts for an entire day and if you
do my stuff like today's a day do it
like today's the day now I'm going to
share some products that you guys need
on Amazon and maybe some of the deals
that will be coming up meantime go
follow this pace on YouTube as well the
first thing is this guy kai in iPhone 2
SD reader so basically what this allows
you to do is take an SD card from any
camera even when you're shooting on your
fancy camera whether it is raw or a JPEG
usually they're going to be better
quality than your iPhone however a lot
of those files always end up on my hard
drive never to be seen because when I
come to content creation for social
media outside of YouTube it kind of
starts and ends with my iPhone for most
of the time so this thing is insanely
handy it comes with an app and you
simply plug in the reader and look I
found my files now this is really cool
because a lot of photo apps out there
now support RAW files and so now we're
looking at what is on my SD card
some of the pictures that I just took on
my sony a7s today actually so we're
looking at the JPEGs right now my Sony
shoots JPEG and rocks if I want to put
this on my iPhone literally all I have
to do is hit camera roll next this is
iPhone recorder you plugged it straight
into your phone and record on there
handycam app or on the iPhones voice
memo and even within apps like Ankur
this is how I've been doing my everyday
radio show up next is literally just
this thing of washi tape it's like
twelve dollars and look at how pretty
all the colors are I use washi tape for
everything and the next thing is
literally this coffee table it's a very
light all white coffee table and it's
only thirty five forty bucks
mud looks good it's not made out of any
heavy duty material so that's why it's
easy to assemble and very very light
flat was certainly not least with
something oh very dear to my heart that
I use on the daily don't want please
don't laugh because it is so helpful yes
it's literally just a grabber but do you
know how much stuff I can now grab oh
wow I wish I could grab stainless very
well here oh wait
well I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and remember Amazon Prime day starts now
and remember you can only be a part of
all these crazy and I'm on prime deals
by being an Amazon Prime member with
that you get free two-day in some cities
same-day shipping which I use all the
time you get the video streaming you get
music streaming you get so many things
like an unlimited photo library to have
a photo library on the cloud and if you
use my Amazon Prime link for a free
trial amazon shows me a little bit of
love back which is pretty dope I've been
perusing these Amazon Prime day deals a
lot so I'll leave a link in the
description for more deals that seem
attractive to what our tastes are in
terms of electronic and tech as well as
a consolidated list of all of my
purchases and Craigs purchases that are
the most interesting to you all in one
place if you want to go purchase them as
well so the links to everything we
talked about and more are in the
description below make sure to click
that show more tab I thoroughly have so
much fun making this video I hope you
enjoyed it let me know if you like this
video it does subscribe button down
below if you are new around here would
love to have you be a part of the Peachy
fan news videos every single Monday
through Friday night stay peachy okay
bye
[Music]